In this video friends we will talk
about ICICI LBA General Insurance which has
announced its quarter three numbers
and this video is only
for educational purpose.  So let's see how ICICI
LB's Quarter 3 numbers are this time.
So let's
talk about the commentary of the BOD, only the announcement of the results.
Apart from this, there
is no announcement regarding dividend bonus or
split.  So let's see
how the numbers are.  In all the figures, we will
talk in crores and the
data is not available in the market list of this company.
So let's talk directly about the total income, the
company's income in quarter three last year
was approximately Rs 5882 crore, if you see this time, it has
come down to Rs 6610 crore and in quarter two it was Rs 6582,
it has come down to Rs 6610.  So
friends,
this time we are seeing the company's income increasing both quarterly and yearly.
Now let's talk about the total expenses
which are the expenses of the company. Yearly
expenses have come down from Rs 5100 crore to Rs 639 crore and
quarterly expenses have come down from Rs 5800 crore to Rs 639 crore.  So
expenses have also increased both quarterly
and yearly.  Then let us discuss the company's
net profit or loss for the period after all
the adjustments.  So
friends, if we talk about last year, then the paid
profit after tax of the company was ₹724 crores, that is, there was a
profit of ₹724 crores,
this time that profit came down to ₹658 crores at ₹658
and in quarter 2 also there was a profit of ₹819 crores,
that came down to ₹658, so friends, this time the
profit is
going down both in quarterly and yearly,
this time you will see the same decline
in EPS from ₹14.63 to ₹13.25 and from ₹
16 to
₹13 and you can see NPA blank here
in the PDF.  So overall
friends, this time
we are not seeing anything special in the profits of ICICI LBAT.
If you want to read this PDF yourself then
you must join Telegram.  The
link is mentioned in the comment section.
You will get PDFs of all the results together there.
So friends, see you
in another video with some other update.   Bye bye till then.